Howto investigate StackOverflowException in SLScripting (#3633)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Procedures/SLScripting_StackOverflow.md

---
uid: TroubleshootingSLScriptingStackOverflowException
---

# Investigate StackOverflowException occurrence

> To illustrate how to investigate a [StackOverflowException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.stackoverflowexception?view=netframework-4.8.1) that occurs in SLScripting, an example connector has been created with a QAction that has a method that results in infinite recursion (i.e. a recursive method that does not have stop condition). DataMiner automatically created a dump and we will investigate the dump.

Author: Mention of directory has been added.

## Visual Studio

Open the dump file in Visual Studio, an press the *Run Diagnostic Analysis* link in the Actions list.
A message box titled 'Exception Unhandled' appears with the following message:

```txt
Unhandled exception at 0x080BFA90 in CRASH_HIGH.DMP: 0xC00000FD: Stack overflow (parameters: 0x00000001, 0x0FA32FFC).
```

Now open the Parallel Stacks window (*Debug* > *Windows* > *Parallel Stacks*):

> ![WinDbg](~/develop/images/VisualStudioParallelStacksWindow.png)<br>Visual Studio Parallel Stacks window*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Visual Studio Parallel Stacks window](~/develop/images/VisualStudioParallelStacksWindow.png)<br>Visual Studio Parallel Stacks window*
```

> In this case, the parallel stacks window does not show a stack with huge number of calls making it overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the parallel stacks window does not show a stack with huge number of calls that are typically of an overflow.
```

Using WinDbg could possibly provide more insights.

## WinDbg

> Open the dump file with WinDbg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the dump file with [WinDbg](xref:WinDbg).
```
